Updates to the Cloudflare Zaraz docs (#3798)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/advanced/datalayer-compatibility.md

Cloudflare Zaraz offers backwards compatibility with the `dataLayer` function found in tag management software, used to track events and other parameters. This way you can keep your current implementation and Cloudflare Zaraz will automatically collect your events.

## Enabling data layer compatibility mode

To keep the Zaraz script as small and fast as possible, the data layer compatibility mode is disabled by default. To enable it, click on "Settings" from the main Zaraz dashboard and toggle on "Data layer compatibility mode". See more information on the [Zaraz settings](/zaraz/reference/settings/) page.

## Using the data layer with Zaraz

After enabling the compatibility mode, Zaraz will automatically translate your `dataLayer.push` calls to `zaraz.track`, so you can keep using the `dataLayer.push` function to send event from the browser to Zaraz.

> An event to Zaraz will only be sent if your pushed object includes an `event` key, and this key would become the name of the Zaraz event. Other keys will become part of the `eventProperties`. The following example shows how an example purchase event will be sent using the data layer to Zaraz — note that the parameters inside the object depend on what you want to track:

Reviewer: Changed it. Was this what you had in mind?

Cloudflare Zaraz then translates the `dataLayer.push()` call to a `zaraz.track()` call. So, `dataLayer.push({event: "purchase", price: "24", "currency": "USD"})` is equivalent to `zaraz.track("purchase", {"price": "24", "currency": "USD"})`.

> Because Zaraz converts the `dataLayer.push` call to `zaraz.track`, creating a trigger based on these calls is the same as when working with `zaraz.track`. The following example trigger would fire for the above `dataLayer.push()` function, because it matches the event name (`{{ client.__zarazTrack }}`) with `purchase`, which would be true whenever the above `dataLayer.push` call occurs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because Zaraz converts the `dataLayer.push` call to `zaraz.track`, creating a trigger based on `dataLayer.push` calls is the same as creating triggers for `zaraz.track`. As an example, if you have a `dataLayer.push` call and you want to track `purchase`, you can create a trigger like the one below.
```

Author: A little confusing, I'm not sure what "if you have a `dataLayer.push` call" means really. How about:

Because Zaraz converts the `dataLayer.push` call to `zaraz.track`, creating a trigger based on `dataLayer.push` calls is the same as creating triggers for `zaraz.track`. As an example, the trigger below would match the above `dataLayer.push` call because it matches the event name (`{{ client.__zarazTrack }}`) with `purchase`.
